clarify default service worker behaviour (#1367)
sveltejs/sapper: site/content/docs/01-structure.md

Sapper doesn't serve these files — you'd typically use [sirv](https://github.com/lukeed/sirv) or [serve-static](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-static) for that — but it will read the contents of the `static` folder so that you can easily generate a cache manifest for offline support (see [service-worker.js](docs#src_service-worker_js)).

> > Note that the default behaviour of the service worker is to cache all assets from the static directory, so if you have a large number (&gt; 50mb) of files here, you should customise what it caches, otherwise some browsers won't be able to load the service worker.

Author: ```suggestion
> Note that the default behaviour of the service worker is to cache all assets from the static directory, so if you have more than 50mb of files here, you will start to exceed the cache limit for service-workers in some browsers, which can cause the service worker to stop loading. In this instance, it is advisable to customise what files are cached by editing the service-worker yourself.
```
